Slide 1
Typically, the presence of crime influences overall levels of community and personal safety whether youre mving houses rs sendng you childern to a new community. wanting to know all the community and safetly history is only human nature. Data extracted from the Victoria Police leep database is presented here as an interactiv density map of Victoria separated into its repspective local govt areas. Darker the green the high rate of criminal offenses. for one hundered thousand population for that given area. For an accurate reading you might also have over the selected area for furthur data and annotations. 


Slide2
Naturally our immediate interest lies in the Victorian capital Melbourne represnted here in a bold dark green being most densely populated. It is unsurpising to say that Melbourne has the highest rate of offenses overall at close to fourtenn thousand eight hundered for 100000 population.

Slide3 - Collage of maps
From here the map presents a clear observable pattern that highlights the main regional cities La Trobe Warrnambool Mildura and Greater Shepparton. As hostpots of crime thee regional cities immediately proceed. The only metropolitan area MElbourne. When it comes to rate of offenses. We often hear of people wanting to move closer to the city whether metropolitan or regional. However is this the best choice? 

Slide4 - QUESTION: Are you making the right choice? 

From the evidence it is hard ti miss the association between popultion and crime as well as metropolitan or regional cities and crime in Victoria an attempt to reduce these rates. The Victorian Government has increased police presence and resources as a formm of detterence and to aid in crime prevention. The intension here is not to say that these areas are dangerous at all.

Slide 5
However, for piece of mind and security for those looking to relocate it may be worhtwhile to consider the outer reaches of Melbourne or the regional cities. (2 second pause)


In the end we all have the right to feel safe and secure. So how safe is your community? 


Slide 6 - Question: How safe is your community? 


